---
layout: page
title: Be inspired by love
date: 2021-09-01
---

Nguyen Van Nguu was born on September 8, 1946 in Hue Vietnam, the third child and second son of Nam and Be Ba. 

Nguu arrived in the Philippines in 1970, to take up graduate studies at the University of the Philippines in Los Banos under a scholarship with the Southeast Asian Regional Center for Graduate Study and Research in Agriculture or SEARCA. He finished his MS and PhD degrees in 1976, and he immediately was awarded a post- doctoral fellowship at the International Rice Research Institute(IRRI) in Los Banos.

His was a dedicated scientist whose work brought him to work all over the world. Nguu's work experience after graduation from UP at Los Banos includes a post- doctoral fellowship at IRRI, a 1-year-research work with PESAM or Program on Environmental Science and Management Center in Los Banos, Multiple Cropping/Rice Agronomist at the International Institute for Tropical Agriculture in Nigeria, Rice agronomist consultant at Philippine Rice Research Institute (PhilRice), Rice Agronomist at FAO. During these work assignments, Nguu contributed to the development in food and agriculture not only internationally, but also to the Philippines. 
He would retire from the Food and Agriculture Organization in 2009, a few years after organizing the International Year of Rice. 

During retirement, he was an active member of the group Sikhay, an organization that promotes healthy eating and good nutrition. In the last ten years, Nguu has contributed his knowledge and talents in the growing, management and preparation of healthy food using herbs and other leafy vegetables. As a result, the group has produced 4 calendars that were distributed to friends and interested groups. 
